to solve this problem we need to understand the binary
relationship between a particular number and its previous number n
minus one
Let us take the number 12 and its previous number
11 and write
It's binary form
Now let us also take one more number 15 and
its previous number 14 and write
It's binary form
If we observed the binary numbers we can understand that
the n minus one numbers bits are flipped from the
right
Most set bit that is after the right most set
Bit if the bit in the original number is zero
than the corresponding bit in the number n minus one
will be one
Similarly if the bit in the original number is one
then the corresponding bit in the number n minus one
will be zero
So if we do bitwise and on n and
n minus one the right most bit will be set
to zero
So the logic is very simple
Just do bitwise and on the given number n and its
previous number n minus one and returned that resulted number.